All right, so now we are going to create the actual composable, but the actual screen where this destination
is going to represent.
So like I said, we have everything set up, but not really because the way things are right now, we
have everything in mind.
So we're going to separate concerns here.
What this means is that instead of a screens here, I'm going to create yet another package.
OK?
The first package here is going to be home.
This is another way of creating this and it's out of home.
Want to create another file called this home screen i section?
OK, what do we want to happen here?
I'm going to say at composable and this is going to be function home screen.
Now here's another important thing to remember.
What are we going to do here?
We actually going to pass a knife controller type because it didn't have controller member will allow
us to say NAF controller that navigate and we can go to whatever we want to go.
So we always want to pass enough controller in this home screen.
OK, now that means we go back to our movie navigation, I can see home screen like this, it's going
in Portlaoise, go ahead and import this second one to function like this.
And while we say that this expects enough controller, we're going to pass in the controller.
Where do we get our traffic controller?
Well, we've created it already.
And voila, we're passing it there.
What I'm going to do?
Let's go to home and I'm going to read a few.
I'm going to remove this scaffold content here.
So all of this was cut all of that and go to home.
And pass it all, they're going to have problems, no problems, and let's take this as well.
All of this main content, and we're going to add at the bottom because it's your own function, so
we need to put at the bottom there for our content here.
I'm actually going to do the following.
Let's go ahead and just call our main content.
Also, this past INAF controller like such, which means we have to pass enough controller type like
this.
It will make more sense once we actually use that controller.
Now where is this cold?
Well, remember that this is actually called inside of a movie navigation.
Which is really good because we are going to use movie navigation, because that is what it's going
to govern the entire application, white household navigation.
And it will know exactly what is the first item or what is the first screen that needs to be shown.
So, you know, our main activity now, things have changed.
Correct?
Yes, they have changed.
That means here I'm going to still pass.
The content was what we had before.
And this is just this.
My app is being called here, but inside of my app here, I'm going to pass now.
Movie navigation, because again, movie navigation.
Click like this.
It has all the information it needs to know where to go, which in this case, the first thing that's
going to happen because it is indeed the start of this nation.
We have to have a start.
This nation is going to be the home screen pass the composable.
The actual possible is this, which is what we have extracted and put it here.
It's because at the bottom here, we are still not doing what we need to do, which means we have to
pass our navigation.
Movie navigation, we're not using it, but it's OK to pass it there.
All right, so we should be good.
OK, let's go ahead and do a quick who clear close this down.
Another quick recap here.
So we created a home screen, all we did here, just remove some of the code from our home screen,
the main activity that is because now we know that in our movie navigation, we have this knife controller
which created this movie navigation function composable and we have the nav host.
This is where we're going to host all of our destinations, our composable to our screens, and we have
to start with a destination.
Where do we start?
Right?
Well, we start at home screen and we're passing that controller along.
Because from here home screen, we may need to click a button or click each one of those lists.
It's one of those movies, so we can't be taken somewhere else to a different destination.
Does that make sense?
And so our main activity now all we have to do it our main set content here.
We no longer have to pass directly home.
We pass the movie navigation because it has all the navigation, it knows all of the nodes, all of
the composable that we put inside here, we may put as many as we want because remember, this is just
enough host and we pass it all inside there.
We're building again.
We're building this nav graph in this graph and that right now we only have one item which is this home
screen inside of nav host, which is what we have there and we have enough controller which is out there
and we're passing along very nice.
Now let's go ahead and run and see how this works.
And voila, you can see everything is working as if nothing ever happened, right?
We have our main screen, our home screen, and we still have everything like this.
Very good.
Very good indeed.
So now that we understand that our navigation is working, this is really great.
We want to be able to text next, want to be able to when we click this item, for instance, to go
to a details page, let's see how that will work.
Well, it's very simple now because, as I said, all we have to do now.
Let's get rid of these.
All they have to do is go back to a moving navigation and create another composable inside of our nav
host because this is where we put all of our nodes, all of our composable, all of our screens.
So at the end of this composable, the home composable, this is indeed a home composable.
As you can see, I can go ahead and say another composable like this passenger route, you see movie
screens way easier.
And one of the details at this point to name.
And then I'm going to do what?
Well, I'm going to see details screen and I'm going to do the same thing and have controller passing
the knife control.
And now he's going to want to get the details screen from navigation.
That's how we want.
We want to create another screen here, so I'm going to create another package.
This is going to be details like this, which means now instead of details, I can add another file
just like we did see.
Now it's simple because we just repeat the process.
So this is going to be details screen.
I'm going to make it a composable fun details screen and purpose nav controller.
If you want to and for now, I'm just going to say text just to show you details screen.
All right.
So go back here.
Let's go ahead and report.
We want a detailed screen function, and voila.
So now if we go to our let's go back to our home, looks like I put this in the wrong place.
This has to go.
OK, let's restructure this looks like this home is not working.
Let's create another package there.
I say home, just to differentiate, this should be outside.
So a factor that I think he didn't just restructuring things here, homescreen.
OK, now it's all working, so I don't need this, let's delete that.
Not sure why that didn't work, but that's fine.
OK, so we have details, folder or packaging, we have home, so it's sort of a home screen.
Let's go back to here.
We remember that in our main contact, we are passing the traffic controller.
The reason why we passing never control because we want to be able to click and go somewhere.
So right now, because we have enough control, look how easy this is.
Instead of a movie row, we're passing that movie and we're just saying Log D to see that movie, right?
That's fine.
But now look what you can do.
I can say nav controller, dot, navigate.
I have a lot of methods here.
Navigate what we want.
We want the one that says Root.
It's very important, the root one, because if you get the wrong one, you're going to have some errors.
Let's make sure you get to the root like this and where we want to go.
Well, for Root, I'm going to pass a strength, but I know I can just go and see movies.
See movies, screens, I'm going to get Dot.
I won't go to details my name to get the actual value of our DNA.
And that's it.
Look how easy this is.
All we had to do was pass that knife controller because remember, it didn't have controller controls
tells what to do.
That's why I was a controller controller.
Navigate.
Do something.
What is a landing gear?
Navigate where to this route here?
And how do I know this is the correct one?
Because it's just a string that we added in our main screen or movie screen.
This would say that, you know, so it knows exactly it's here, right?
So it knows exactly where to go the route.
Now, if I run this again.
If I click any of this, I go to detail screen.
Let's go back.
You can see it's working.
We have navigation working guys, just do a quick recap here.
So what we did, we did the same thing as we did before, right?
We created in this case, our detailed screen doesn't have much and we passive it that controller.
We're not using it, but that's fine.
We just passing it because we may.
Who knows, we may also want to use the controller later.
We'll never know.
So we'll just pass that controller.
We have access to it, and that's fine.
But most importantly, when we had to do in our movie navigation here in our nav host, right, it is
where this is, where we create the actual graph.
In fact, you can see it, says this nav graph builder.
So we're building our graph here.
Visually, we're building all those pieces.
All of those nodes of our tree.
In our case here, the first one is our movie screen, and we made sure that the star destination is
going to be it in this case, movie screen home like that.
But still, we have to have that composable to say, where is it that movie screen?
Well, the composable is home screen and we pass that nav controller that we create at the top here
and we instantiated through our nav host.
And we know that we want to go to details.
We have to create that composable or in this case, detailed screen passing that didn't have control
again because we just want to.
And most importantly, now we have that route, OK to say this is where when we click, we can just
invoke nav controller that navigate to this place and then we're done.
And that's exactly what we've done.
Here.
That controller then navigate.
Movie screen details name the navigation component and enough controller and have hosted enough craft,
so keep this diagram in mind as you navigate through OK?
Make sure to understand the navigation component contains enough controller nav hosts enough graph nav
graph.
Just think of a bunch of composable that are connected.
It's a graph nav host.
Well, he's hosting all of those composable, all of those screens, nav controller.
It controls all of this.
It says OK, it says nav controller that navigate to X Composable.
So there are more things that we're going to do, of course, to learn more about navigation, especially
being able to click and go to detail screen.
But instead of just seeing details screen, we want to be able to pass along some information that makes
sense.
Detailed screen We want to see details whenever we tapped here, and that's what are we going to be
looking at in the next few years?